THE 5 MOST RELATED WORK

"Facial recognition market to reach $2.19bn by 2019"
Automated border control(ABC) helps in performing border checks, authenticates traveller's documents and verifies entry 
conditions at airports. This automated biometric solution was devised to enable border control of passengers at airports worldwide.
ABC tackles the problems caused by the rapid growth of passengers thereby eradicating congestion at electronic gates, which in turn reduces 
of delays in flight arrivals and departures.An experimental analysis was carried out so as to ascertain the best face recogniton system, the
type of illumination to be used and how to improve such systems in the future.

"Faces detection method based on skin color modeling"
 The study suggests a face detection technique by way of skin colour detection in various perspectives. It's largely based on appearance and 
 adopts a sliding window type which may cause high computational costs in the process of detection scanning as the image size increases, 
 whereas the processing time is extended accordingly.
 
 "Developing a novel technique for face liveness detection"
 Face recognition is an important tool in identifying a person. It points out how spoofing attack weakens the recognition process.There are 
 three approaches involved; by challenge and response, by face texture, and by joining two or more biometric liveness.
 
 "Handbook of face recognition"
 Basically, this book affirms that biometric face recognition has an edge over the other biometric modalities such as fingerprint and iris, 
 coupled with the fact that it's natural, nonintrusive, and can becaptured at a distance and in a covert manner. It als shows the main steps 
 of face detection and recognition problems, technological problems encountered in the processand the possiblle strategies for solving some 
 of the problems.   
 
 
 I will use the book--Handbook of face recognition as the guide to do implement my project alongside other resources available online which i'd 
 i'd cite as the project progresses.
